One, two, three, four.
And skip,
two, three, four.
And turn, two, three, four.
I don’t like this part.
Well, honey,
if you spot the wall,
then you won’t get dizzy.
Here. Watch Daddy, okay?
[ Mitchell ]
Ow.
How cool would it be
if you turned into
Wonder Woman right now?
Can’t even talk about it.
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
- It’s the adoption agency.
- What? Oh, my gosh, it is?
It is? It is?
Cam, you need
to stop doing that.
Last time, they were
just calling to confirm
our billing address.
Hello.
Uh-uh.
Uh-huh what?
Yep.
Really?
Really what?
That mother from Calexico–
She picked us.
She did?
Uh-huh.
She-She went into early labor.
She’s having the baby today.
She is?
Uh-huh.
We have to go
to Calexico right now.
We do?
Just assume everything
I say is the truth.
Okay.
O-Okay, yes.
Well, thank you so much.
Okay, bye.
[ Beeps ]
Um, we’re getting a baby today.
Oh, my gosh.
[ Laughing ]
Ohh!
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
What do we do
about Lily’s recital?
Um– Well, you know what?
We’ll just sit her down.
We’ll tell her.
We’ll give her a Popsicle.
She’ll be fine.
Yeah.
We have to do this.
Okay, okay.
Yeah, you’re right.
I’m gonna go dig up
the old car seat. And listen.
Let’s just take a deep breath
before we tell anyone, okay?
Yeah.
Jay, Manny! Good news.
Mitch and Cam are getting a new
baby today.
Really? That’s fantastic.
And he’s Latino!
How’s that giant fence
workin’ out for you?
[ Ringing ]
[ Gasps ]
It’s Claire.
[ Beeps ]
Hello. Did you hear?
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
- Hey, Claire.
- You are driving to some
California border town...
to adopt a baby,
and I have to hear
about it from Gloria?
I was outside
for two minutes.
I kept it in as long as I could.
We’re having a baby!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
What the–
[ Laughing ]
What?
What the heck is that?
[ Claire ]
We’re back.
We got Alex
the cutest prom dress.
Show your dad.
[ Phil ]
Hey.
Well, I don’t like
how far down
that zipper goes,
but on the plus side,
it looks water-resistant.
I can’t believe
Haley’s not going
to the prom and Alex is.
What’s that supposed
to mean?
I know I keep saying it, Haley,
but you should be going.
It’s a major moment
in a teenager’s life,
and you’re missing it.
Proms are lame.
It’s just an excuse for
dressed-up dorks to ride limos
and hump each other.
Okay.
- Now I don’t like the idea
of Alex going.
- Sweetie, I think we’re fine.
[ Whispering ]
It’s Alex.
What’s that supposed to mean?
It means you’re a geek.
You know what?
I might just
go crazy tonight and–
and-and hook up all over him.
[ All Laughing ]
- [ Claire ] Okay.
- Why are you laughing?
That’s not funny.
I’m not even gonna
wear my glasses.
[ Claire ]
Ohh.
I feel better now.
All right.
I’m going to the mall.
Um, we need to talk, honey.
We’re worried about you.
[ Phil Clears Throat ]
You haven’t heard back from the
college that wait-listed you,
and all the rest
of your friends have,
and now you’re just
wasting time at the mall.
For your information,
I have already filled out
and dropped off...
my community college
application.
And plus also,
I’m going to the mall
because I have a job interview.
What?
Really?
My guidance counselor
suggested I take a gap year.
You know, a year between
high school and college...
where you take some courses,
have some life experiences
and get inspired.
And obviously work at The Gap.
The first step
in plane building–
organize the parts.
You got your power plant,
you got your fuselage,
you got your control surfaces.
What’s that?
It’s charcuterie.
You got your prosciutto,
your pancetta, your salami.
That’s charcuterie?
I’ve been avoiding that
on menus for years.
[ Chuckling ]
They’re killing themselves
with that name.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
[ Gloria ]
They’re here! They’re here.
Hi.
Thank you so much
for doing this.
Thank you, thank you.
Of course.
So her recital’s at 6:00.
That’s the address.
Here’s her outfit.
This is our camcorder.
Get the whole show
and some backstage color.
- Guys, you want to take
our charcuterie for the road?
- Bup, bup, bup.
They’re good.
We may need that.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Hello.
Yeah, um– Hold on one second.
I think it’s the baby’s family.
They’re speaking Spanish. I–
Hola. Soy Cameron.
¿Cómo está?
Uh, excuse me, could you–
Could you slow down
just a little bit?
What does "frenético" mean?
It’s when they–
Or just let her do it.
Yeah. There you go.
Okay. ¿Aló?
Sí, sí.
Yo la puedo ayudar.
I was doing fine.
He thinks he’s some sort
of an expert because
for the past two weeks...
- he’s been watching this
ridiculous Spanish soap opera.
- Fire and Ice?
Don’t say a word
about the ending of
last night’s episode.
Gl-Gloria watches that.
You’ll ruin it for her.
Sí, van a estar esperando
su llamada, muchísimas gracias.
It was the mother’s sister,
Juanita.
She said that
she doesn’t know
the exact hospital yet,
but that she will call you,
like, in the next hour.
Oh, thank you, Gloria.
I hate to ask this of you,
but would you mind
coming with us?
We need someone
who actually knows
how to speak Spanish.
Frío. Muy frío.
Ay, yes, of course.
I would love to.
Thank you, thank you.
I’m gonna grab my stuff,
and we go, okay?
All right, sweetheart.
All right. Come here.
Mmm! Daddy’s gotta go, okay?
All right.
We’re so sorry
we’re missing your recital,
sweetie.
But you know what?
You’re getting
a brand-new baby brother.
Come on. Come on.
Mwah!
Okay. All right.
Breathe, breathe.
Jay, Manny,
I’ll see you later, okay?
[ Door Closes ]
What just happened here?
I have to go
to the bathroom.
She’s talking to you.
You wanna take that?
♪♪ [ Dance On Stereo ]
Always keep the rhythm
in your feet.
Then we’re gonna add
just a little party
in the shoulders, all right?
Now let’s get those arms goin’.
No, no, no, no.
Arms down here says,
"I’m white and I’m sorry,"
but arms up here says,
"You don’t know what I am."
I don’t.
You’re never gonna believe it.
Guess who got a job? I did.
Oh, shoot, I just told you.
Oh, honey, congratulations.
That’s amazing.
You got a job.
And what is all this?
I stopped by the grocery store
to get some stuff for dinner.
You know where
the grocery store is?
Yes, Mother.
I’m celebrating by making dinner
for me and Dylan tonight.
Would you and Dad
like to join us?
What’s happening?
I don’t know.
Tonight, at dinner,
I’m telling my parents
the biggest news of all.
After graduation,
I’m moving in with someone.
And his name is me.
[ Squeals ]
Watch me dance.
Honey, you don’t need
to practice anymore.
The turning, the jumping,
the little bird thing–
You’ve got it.
What’s this?
Sweetie, please don’t play
with the pieces.
I’ve told you,
they’re very delicate.
What are you building?
It’s a model of a plane
that was built
for Amelia Earhart.
Why?
Because she wanted
to fly around the world.
Why?
Because she probably needed
to get away from her kids.
Why?
You know how
to stop this?
I’m on it.
Lily, we really need you
to let us concentrate
for a few minutes, okay?
Your hair is weird.
Um, now I’m flustered.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, you look adorable.
Adorable? I’m not a puppy.
Honey, it was meant
as a compliment.
Claire, I got this.
Honey, you look super sexy.
Eww.
Well, we tried everything.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Oh, good-bye.
Wait, wait, wait.
We want to meet
this Casanova.
Oh, no.
Parents aren’t really his scene.
[ Chuckles ]
Alex, open the door.
We are going to get a picture.
Fine.
You look flawless.
Thanks.
Did I not say coral
was the color for you?
Look what it does
for your skin.
Hi.
Hey, buddy.
Yes, my bad-boy prom date
is gay.
He just doesn’t know it yet,
so I’m basically his beard.
Pre-beard.
His stubble.
Okay, say cheese.
[ Together ]
Cheese.
Okay, now one with flash.
[ Together ]
Cheese!
[ Shutter Clicks ]
Okay, I think
you got the picture.
Well, you guys have fun.
[ Claire ]
Do you want me to touch up
your hair, honey?
Oh, no, I’m good.
Ay, please. Stop driving
the car like a snake.
It’s making me nauseating.
If you want to switch places,
there’s plenty of room
to stretch out back here.
That’s why we traded
our old Prius in
for the new one.
You know, bigger family,
bigger back seat.
You can fit two car seats
and a prize-winning pig
back there.
[ Chuckles ]
Please don’t put a pig in
the backseat with our children.
I’m not being literal.
It’s a unit of measurement
we use on the farm.
You know, like,
"That bed’s a double-pigger."
Oh, uh, sorry.
Maybe think about
something else.
You know, I missed
Fire and Ice on Monday.
What happened?
My guess is a bunch
of ridiculous plot turns...
done by overwrought actors
who are impossibly
good-looking.
Don’t listen to him.
[ Gloria ]
Nothing, really.
Antonio hired a hooker
to murder his father...
so that he can
get back the money,
but the hooker ended up
being his long-lost sister,
the former beauty queen.
Oh! Well,
I stand uncorrected.
Ay, please.
Just drive straighter.
Oh, sorry.
Are my pinkies up again?
They do that
when I get excited.
Down, girls.
Well, Alex should be
hitting the dance floor
right about now.
[ Chuckles ]
Must be fun.
Really, Dad, let it go.
I’m sorry, sweetie.
I’m just sad you’re missing it.
I can still totally
picture my prom night.
My date was Angela Wilkins.
My dad dressed as a limo driver
and spoke with a British accent.
- Even announced our arrival.
- [ Banging Table ]
[ Mock Accent ]
Sir Philliam Dunphy
and the Lady Wilkins.
- [ Claire Clears Throat ]
- All the cool kids were
totally laughing with us.
I am just so glad
we met after that.
Oh.
Me too.
Yeah.
Wonder whatever happened
to Angela.
- You don’t know?
- I haven’t seen her
in over 20 years.
But that’s what’s special
about prom.
No matter what,
the Lady Wilkins and I
will always have that night.
[ Claire Clears Throat ]
Wow.
Oh, no, no, no.
We got this.
We’ll clean.
[ Claire ]
Oh. Uh, you’re cleaning up?
What kind of day is this?
Cam and Mitch get a new son.
We get a new daughter.
This is really fun,
you guys.
Yeah. Next time,
let’s do it
at our place.
I’m in.
Just give me a heads-up.
Our place?
Uh, what–
Um, well,
since I have a job now...
and I’m going
to community college,
Dylan and I were
thinking that, you know,
we would get
an apartment together.
What?
Are you doing sex?
[ Phil ] Luke, can we
have a minute, please?
Um–
Listen, I know
that you’re concerned,
but I’m designing
T-shirts now,
and they’re gonna be huge.
Also medium and small.
Dylan, would you
excuse us for moment
so we can talk to Haley?
Sure.
But you stay.
I’ll go.
[ Mitchell ]
Hi. "Buenos noches."
We’re looking for, uh–
English?
Uh, Juanita.
We’re looking for Juanita.
Hola.
Hi.
¿Mitchell y Cameron?
She says,
"Hello, Mitch and Cameron."
- I think we got that.
- You brought me here.
El bebé nació hace media hora
y se encuentra
perfectamente de salud.
Siete libras
con cuatro onzas.
Es hermoso. Tiene el pelo
grueso y los ojos grandes
y cafecitos.
Ay, qué bueno.
[ Laughs ]
Did you get that too?
Yeah. Lot of it. Mm-hmm.
Uh, just-just tell us.
The baby was born half hour ago,
that he’s in perfect health.
He was seven pounds,
four ounces,
with thick hair and brown eyes.
That’s so good. Yes.
- Juanita.
- Padre.
¿Qué hace usted acá?
Ven acá.
Vengo con un serio aviso,
mi niña.
- Perdone.
- Gloria,
what’s going on?
I don’t know.
The priest comes
with grave warning.
That can’t be good.
Shh!
[ Whispering ]
Something about the grandmother.
- She’s sick.
- [ Together ]
Ohh.
- But now
she’s better.
- Oh.
- And now she knows!
- Knows what?
Tú. Tú hiciste esto.
Tú le dijiste a mi abuela
acerca del bebé.
¿Por qué haría yo tal cosa?
Porque Carlos me escogió a mí
en vez de a ti como su amante.
[ Gasps ]
What was that for?
The nurse stole
her grandmother’s almonds.
No. The nurse is mad at Juanita
because Juanita stole her lover,
and Juanita is mad at the nurse
because the nurse told
her grandmother about the baby.
[ Together ]
Our baby?
♪♪ [ Speakers: Classical ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
We’re both thinking it.
I’m just gonna say it.
Lily’s dance is not up
to the standard
of what we just saw.
In my head,
I’m golfing right now.
Hi, Mr. Pritchett.
I’m Lily’s dance teacher, Lucy.
We have a little bit
of an issue.
Lily doesn’t want to perform.
Oh, the poor thing.
You get the kid.
I’ll get the car.
Oh, no.
It’s really important
for Lily’s self-esteem
that she go on.
I think one of you
should talk to her.
You know
she stinks,
right?
And I think it should be you.
Lily, your teacher tells me
you don’t want to dance.
Is that true?
But you were so good
back at the house
when you were practicing.
I want to go home,
to my house.
Oh, to your house, huh?
Are you sad
your dads aren’t here?
Yeah.
Well, I know they’re sad
to miss this,
but they’re getting you
that baby brother.
That’s good, right?
You know, honey,
your dads are gonna
love you just as much
when you get this brother.
Trust me.
I first had your Aunt Claire
and then your dad came along,
and I loved them just the same,
no matter what he tells you.
You believe me?
Close enough.
So what do you say?
You gonna go out there
and dance for everybody?
No.
Honey, there must be
something I can do
to get you out there.
[ Whispering ]
Come dance with me, Grandpa.
Now, honey,
that’s not gonna happen.
How about I give you 50 bucks?
I don’t see why I can’t do this.
I’m totally
getting my life together.
Allow me, if you will,
to paint an accurate picture...
of this life
you think you want, okay?
Yeah.
Um, at first, it’s a blast.
Buying a dish rack,
hanging a sheet up
to turn one room into two.
Allen-wrenching a bookcase
called a Njarnk because you
couldn’t afford the Sklurg.
But then–
Then those bills
start rollin’ in,
so you gotta pick up
some extra shifts,
and suddenly–
Uh-oh, what’s that?
You’re pregnant.
You should’ve been safe.
Oh, and you’re stressed
and exhausted.
You’ve got a garage filled
with unsold huge T-shirts.
And, honey, if you think
this kind of stress...
is not going to take
its toll on that body
and that face, think again.
Good-bye,
beautiful skin.
Farewell, silky hair.
And hello,
Alex’s hand-me-downs,
’cause you can’t afford to shop.
[ Whimpers ]
Good one.
Mm-hmm.
Do you think that this
is gonna work out?
Yes.
Well, for my parents,
I mean.
For you, no.
God.
I just want to live
with Haley so bad.
It’s like I missed
all this time
with her in Wyoming,
and I thought I was gonna
lose her again
to college.
Don’t worry.
I got your back, buddy.
That’s not gonna happen.
What does that mean?
Dylan, shut the door.
The bedroom door.
[ All Chattering In Spanish ]
Excuse me. Excuse me.
We’re very confused.
Can somebody please just
tell us what’s happening?
Somebody told
the grandmother about the baby,
and she wasn’t supposed to know.
If you ask me,
it was the sexy priest.
Enough!
It wasn’t the priest.
It was me.
Eduardo.
[ Groans ]
¡Ay!
- [ Mitchell ]
What’s happening?
- Yes, I am alive.
And I may be
just a ranch hand,
but I’m the one
that told your abuela
about the baby.
I told her because
I swore to your mother
to look after your family.
Your mother was my lover.
[ Gasps ]
[ Both ]
¿Qué?
Ay, wait a minute.
Now I go from English
to Spanish.
- Que él no está muerto–
- Can we please
just see our baby?
¡No!
[ Both ]
¡Abuela!
¿Cómo te atreves
a ocultar esto de mí?
El bebé es mi familia
y no va a ser educado
por extraños.
She’s saying that she’s
going to raise the baby.
[ Whimpering ]
No.
Cam.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
[ Mitchell ]
Come here. Come on.
Guess what.
Suddenly you’re 60 years old,
wandering toothless
and alone in
a post-apocalyptic wasteland.
Wait a second.
How did Dylan
get the nuclear codes again?
During the robot wars.
I think your father
may have gotten
a little bit off track here.
Honey, listen.
The point is,
the choices you make today–
No, the point is
that it doesn’t have
to turn out so bad.
She’s right.
It doesn’t.
Luke?
This came yesterday.
What is it?
It’s from that college.
You got in, Haley.
[ Stammering ]
[ Haley ]
Oh, my God.
You got into college?
What? That’s amazing!
Oh!
[ Laughs ]
It came yes–
Yesterday?
Luke, why were you
hiding this?
- I don’t know.
- Do you not want her
to go to college?
- I don’t care.
- Oh, you’re gonna miss me.
Shut up. I am not.
I’m never telling you
anything again.
Sorry, little dude,
but she’s gotta go to college.
Even if that means
that she can’t live with me.
Oh, Dylan.
Could you do one thing
for me though?
Could you take me
to your prom?
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, if you go off
to college and you
don’t come back here,
I want you to remember me.
I want to be
your Angela Wilkins.
[ Claire ]
Oh.
Mom?
- Yes?
- Can I borrow that purple dress
I said you were too old for?
Mmm, in spite of that, yeah.
Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
Mr. D.
[ Chuckles ]
Do you have a tuxedo
I could borrow?
Yeah, sure.
I mean, it’s the tux
I got married in,
so it’s double-breasted.
Perfect.
So am I.
Okay.
I’m going to get something
for my stomach.
Come on, swipe.
Swipe!
Mitchell, I need your help.
It won’t swipe,
and I’m in no condition
to "see cashier."
Mitchell.
Mitchell?
Mitch– Mitchell!
Where are you going?
[ Sobbing ]
I’m just sick of it, Cam.
Mitchell, come back here
and talk to me.
There are coyotes out here
a-and meth addicts.
Every time, Cam–
Every time someone says
that we’re getting a baby,
I get my hopes up.
And then– And then,
when it all falls apart, I–
We just have to go through
the whole thing again.
And then meanwhile,
the child that we do have
is at a recital,
and we’re missing it.
I know.
[ Sniffles ]
I’m as frustrated as you are.
Are you?
Because I don’t–
I don’t know how much more
of this I can take.
I am– I am so tired...
and-and just disappointed.
I’m just tired.
Let’s take a break.
- Really?
- It must be exhausting,
always keeping it together
for the both of us.
[ Grunts ]
And I’m tired too.
I think I’m lying on a rock.
I’m lying
next to my rock.
[ Gloria ]
There’s certain moments in life
that you never forget–
like when I held
Manny in my arms
for the very first time.
I was nervous.
I didn’t know what I was doing.
What do you think?
[ Phil ]
You guys look amazing.
Oh, my little girl.
I was so excited
to see him grow up.
Have fun, man.
She’s asleep.
I tell you, kid,
I’m too old for this.
You and me both.
And the more he becomes
the little man I know today,
the more I know
I would do it all over again.
Which is good,
’cause I’m going to do it
all over again.
Turns out
that I wasn’t carsick.
I’m pregnant.
[ Phil ]
Okay, Luke, let’s see what else
you’ve been hiding from us.
Okay, fine. Here’s a bill
for the birdhouse I blew up
at the dude ranch.
You blew up a birdhouse?
Let’s hold all questions
until the end.
Here’s that jury duty thing
for the day we went
to Disneyland.
- I didn’t want you
to cancel the trip.
- Good call.
Here’s a coupon
for a gun range for Mom.
- I don’t know
what that’s about.
- I don’t know either.
Report card.
Mm-hmm.
Notice from the city
to take down the tree house...
or be fined $25 a day.
Report card.
Red light ticket from
when me and Manny stole that–